[Key Server] Change how we handle package versions (#133)
MystenLabs/seal: Design.md

The framework is fully generic. Developers can define custom authorization logic within `seal_approve*` functions and choose which key servers to use based on their application's needs. For example, they may use a fixed set of trusted key servers or allow users to select their preferred servers.

> Package upgrades preserve the same identity subdomain. To support secure package upgrades, follow the best practice for [Versioned shared objects](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/sui-move-concepts/packages/upgrade#versioned-shared-objects), i.e., version your shared objects, or, create a global shared object for your package (see [move/patterns](./move/patterns) for examples). Note that if a package is upgradeable, its access control policy can be changed at any time by the package owner. These changes are transparent and publicly visible onchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you upgrade a package, it retains the same identity subdomain. To support secure upgrades, follow the recommended best practices for [versioned shared objects](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/sui-move-concepts/packages/upgrade#versioned-shared-objects). Specifically, version your shared objects, or create a global shared object for your package. For examples, see [move/patterns](https://github.com/MystenLabs/seal/pull/133/move/patterns).

Keep in mind that:
- If a package is upgradeable, the access control policy can be changed at any time by the package owner.
- All such changes are transparent and publicly visible on-chain.
```
